.TH "brlapi_writeArguments_t" 3 "7 Oct 2009" "Version 1.0" "BrlAPI" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
brlapi_writeArguments_t \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <brlapi.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdisplayNumber\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBregionBegin\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBregionSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBtext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtextSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char * \fBandMask\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char * \fBorMask\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcursor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcharset\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Structure containing arguments to be given to \fBbrlapi_write()\fP 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBbrlapi_writeArguments_t::displayNumber\fP"
.PP
Display number \fBBRLAPI_DISPLAY_DEFAULT\fP == unspecified 
.SS "unsigned int \fBbrlapi_writeArguments_t::regionBegin\fP"
.PP
Region of display to update, 1st character of display is 1 
.SS "unsigned int \fBbrlapi_writeArguments_t::regionSize\fP"
.PP
Number of characters held in text, andMask and orMask. 
.SS "char* \fBbrlapi_writeArguments_t::text\fP"
.PP
Text to display, must hold as many characters as the region fields expresses. 
.SS "int \fBbrlapi_writeArguments_t::textSize\fP"
.PP
Size of text in bytes. If -1, strlen() is used for computing it. 
.SS "unsigned char* \fBbrlapi_writeArguments_t::andMask\fP"
.PP
And attributes; applied first 
.SS "unsigned char* \fBbrlapi_writeArguments_t::orMask\fP"
.PP
Or attributes; applied \fIafter\fP ANDing 
.SS "int \fBbrlapi_writeArguments_t::cursor\fP"
.PP
\fBBRLAPI_CURSOR_LEAVE\fP == don't touch, \fBBRLAPI_CURSOR_OFF\fP == turn off, 1 = 1st char of display, ... 
.SS "char* \fBbrlapi_writeArguments_t::charset\fP"
.PP
Text charset. NULL means it is assumed to be 8bits, and the same as the server's. '' means current locale's charset. If no locale was selected, defaults to NULL's meaning. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for BrlAPI from the source code.
